Note about large file uploads and cancel button (#83)
biosustain/data-catalog-resources: docs/Dataset/Files.md

➤ Once uploaded, files will appear in the list with details such as **name**, and **upload date**, making it easy to keep track of its content.

> ```{note}

Reviewer: @pcolaianni could you verify this statement?

> The system queues files upon upload, meaning they are uploaded sequentially rather than in parallel. Because of this, the total upload time depends almost entirely on the network upload speed during the transfer. For large uploads (5–10 GB up to 50 GB), avoid Wi‑Fi and use a **wired internet connection** for much faster and more stable upload speeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Files are queued on upload, meaning they transfer sequentially rather than in parallel. Total upload time depends entirely on your network's upload speed. For large transfers (5+ GB), use a wired connection instead of Wi-Fi to achieve faster and more stable uploads.
```

Reviewer 2: I intentionally removed some parts from the sentences. Such as "almost", or "because of this", etc.

That is because either sequential or parallel, the network speed affects both the same way.

Author: Thanks @pcolaianni for reviewing this and for the suggestion! I have committed it.
